Jun 1, 2013
Star Trek: Into Reference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeyLm-pLVm4
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/340820677865127936
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151475837857634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/mr-plinkett-star-trek-into-reference (404)

PLINKETT:
Hello, everyone.
It's me, Mr. Plinkett.
And I just saw Star Trek: Into Darkness.

KIRK:
My god, Bones.
What have I done?

PLINKETT:
So, is this movie homage, fan service, or just blatantly stealing ideas from all of Star Trek?
Let's take a look, shall we?
Caution: spoilers ahead.
Why do I care?
Because fuck you.
"Number 1: Similarities to The Wrath of Khan."
Now this is obvious, but was this movie a remake of The Wrath of Khan?
I don't know.
But here in this movie we had Khan:
Two Starfleet ships squaring off against each other
Kirk and/or Spock sacrifice themselves to save the ship by going inside of a radiation chamber.
Carol Marcus is there.
But this time she's some kind of fucking weapons expert.
The original Carol Marcus had a torpedo, too.
But she used it for science.
And she never stood around in her underwear, either.
Thank God!
Khan is also the last guy alive aboard a dying starship, and then he uses it as a weapon of vengeance.
I guess that's why they called it the USS Vengeance.
You have the famous Khan scream by Captain Kirk.

KIRK:
Khan!

SPOCK
Khan!

PLINKETT:
But this time, it's done by Spook.
And the dialogue from the radiation chamber scene is pretty much verbatim.

MCCOY:
No!
You'll flood the whole compartment...

KIRK:
He'll die!

SCOTTY:
Sir, he's dead already.

PLINKETT:
What does verbatim mean?
It means you have to go back to school.
"Number 2: Other Stuff Taken from Star Trek."
This movie is filled with ripoffs.
I mean, references!
While stopping a volcano from killing a planet's indigenous population is hardly a new idea, Picard at least had the sense to figure out how to do it from orbit.

PICARD:
Ensign, when should the results be known?

SPOCK:
I have activated the device, captain.

WESLEY CRUSHER:
This should happen very quickly, sir.

PLINKETT:
Rather than lowering someone inside of a volcano!
The only volcano I get close to is a Volcano Burrito from Taco Bell.
And after I eat that, my asshole is like the elevator from The Shining.
Oh, my god!
Also, the new Carol Marcus resembles Elisabeth Denner from the original series episode where no man has gone before.
I think this was an attempt to throw us all off to the Khan plot.
Or just a reference.
I don't really care!
Speaking of actors, Admiral Marcus is played by Peter Weller, who was Robocop.
But, he was also on an episode of Star Trek Enterprise, playing a similar crazy, violent, xenophobic villain.
Oh, no!
Not the moon!
But Star Trek has a history of crazy people, especially admirals.
There was Admiral Marcus, of course.
There was the Admiral from Star Trek: Insurrection who wanted to get the Fountain of Youth radiation.
Admiral Pressman wanted to get the cloak phase device back from the USS Pegasus.

ADMIRAL PRESSMAN:
I have a lot of friends at Starfleet Command, captain.

PLINKETT:
Yeah right, asshole.
Don't get lost on your way to the Brig!
There was Admiral Cartwright from Star Trek VI.
There's also that old Admiral from Next Gen, who used the age-reversing drugs and then went nuts.
Oh, my god!
What is this, Prometheus?
Also, couldn't they find more discrete wheelchairs in the future?
I mean, give these crippled guys a break!
I guess Admiral Ross was kind of an asshole, too.
He got that nice Romulan lady killed and/or imprisoned.
Don't forget Admiral Leyton.
This guy also tried to militarize the Starfleet and take over the Federation.
What an asshole!
In this new movie, they say Christine Chapel moved away and became a nurse.
But then they mention a nurse Chapel in Star Trek 2009.

MCCOY:
Dammit!
Nurse Chapel, I need 50 cc's of cortisone.

PLINKETT:
Jesus Christ, they can't even remember their own references!
The USS Vengeance has a transwarp drive, just like the USS Excelsior did in Star Trek III.

SULU:
She's supposed to have transwarp drive.

PLINKETT:
Scotty sabotages the Vengeance, just like Scotty sabotage the Excelsior in Star Trek III.

SCOTTY:
I took them out of her main transwarp computer drive.

PLINKETT:
There was also a plot involving Section 31, a clandestine Starfleet organization first introduced in Deep Space 9.

SPOCK:
Doctor, would you care to assist me in performing surgery on a torpedo?

PLINKETT:
Bones also performed surgery on a photon torpedo in Star Trek VI.

MCCOY:
I'd give real money if she'd shut up.

PLINKETT:
When they show Chronos, we see Praxis, the Klingon moon, which blew up in Star Trek VI.
The flying from ship to ship thing was pretty cool, huh?
Well, it already happened in Star Trek: Nemesis!
Data flies through the debris field and heads on over to Shinzon's ship through space.
Hey, is anyone getting tired of big evil ships?
And Harry Kim was the first to transport a torpedo over to another ship and then detonate it from the inside.
Ah, Harry Kim.
What a memorable, memorable character.
Speaking of Voyager, there was also a scene in Voyager where a bunch of Kazon leaders were duped into meeting in a room next to a window so that a ship could fly up to that window and assassinate everyone with laser blasts.
But those guys figured it out before it was going to happen...because they're smarter.
Hey, assholes!
This is probably a trap!
And in Into Darkness, Spock clicks on automatic seatbelts.
Well, those were first introduced in a deleted scene from Star Trek: Nemesis.
Captain Picard turns on his automatic seatbelt...
Aw, fuck this.
Hey, everyone.
Post a comment on this webzone, telling me what movie I should review next!
Then I'll tally up all the results, and the movie with the most votes will be my next review.
So start commenting, you fucks!
