May 5, 2015
Cinco de Star Wars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93uSIKzPmik
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHk5kCIiGoM
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/595720460358328320
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152879608472634

PLINKETT:
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is the most disappointing thing since my son.
Whoops!
That's jumping the gun a bit.
Hi, everyone.
It's me, Mr. Plinkett.
And I'm finally back -- again -- to talk to you briefly about the new trailer that's out.
Everybody's talking about it: The Ridiculous 6, the new Adam Sandler comedy.
In fact, this film is so anticipated, tickets to see it are already being scalped!
It's gonna be a hit.
Anyway, when I'm really talking about is the second Star Wars: The Force Awakens trailer.
And while reaction videos to these Star Wars trailers are nothing new, they mostly consist of...

YOUTUBE REVIEWER #1:
Come on bitch, come on!

PLINKETT:
And...

YOUTUBE REVIEWER #2:
Oh, shit!
It's Luke talking!
Oh!

PLINKETT:
And a lot of yelling and screaming by loudmouth idiots.
What the fuck is wrong with these people?
No one cares what you think about a trailer.
Okay, now to tell you what I think about a trailer.
Number 1.
Pointless Speculation.
What would the internet be without endless and pointless speculation?
Sure, I could use my time to volunteer at a homeless shelter, read to the blind, or push some dying crippled kid in his wheelchair outside in a park, or whatver.
But I'm going to speculate about a movie that will come out in eight months, and that I'll forget about in eight minutes.
I'll do what I want with my time!
This is m'America!
And you know this Force Awakens second trailer is much like the last one: movie is gonna be so earth-shattering, t's gonna change everything.
Yeah, it's all the same shit.
Just tell us what the movie is about!
Fuck all this.
Remember when trailers were trailers?

VOICEOVER:
It's an epoch of heroes...and villains.
Star Wars.
A billion years in the making.
And it's coming to your galaxy this summer.

PLINKETT:
Get a life!
Okay, now to talk endlessly about Star Wars!
Number 2.
New things in the Star Wars Universe.
So the first thing we all know is that there's a black guy in a stormtrooper costume, which for some reason assholes on the internet have some kind of problem with.
You people make me sick.
And that's pretty hard to do, coming from the guy who once ate a cat alive.
"The meat's tastier when it's uncooked."
Anyhoo, after viewing the second trailer, it's pretty apparent that he's a good guy who stowed away on an imperial ship or something.
I'm gonna guess he's the guy flying the TIE-Fighter, shooting lasers at the bad guys.
So what?
There's a black guy in a white stormtrooper uniform.
Big deal.
I'm not going to be upset when we find out that the guy in this uniform is Louis C.K.
And you don't get more whiter than him!
I have a feeling that this new Star Wars film will be different from your grandpa's Star Wars.
There'll have a black guy that doesn't sell out his friends, a girl Jedi who I assume is going to be Leia or Luke's daughter, and a Mexican that we can finally understand.

NIEN NUNB:
[speaks in Sullustese]

PLINKETT:
Yeah, things are changing internet.
Get with the times!
Number 3.
What We Can Guess from What We See.
Well, I guess sometime in the past, a Star Destroyer crashed on this planet.
Which is probably Tatooine.
But probably won't be because it'll annoy me.
Kind of like this wasn't LV-426.
What the fuck?
We also see a trashed X-Wing in the foreground, so I assume there was some kind of battle here.
Apparently, the Empire still hasn't learned to not fuck with the Rebels!
Jesus Christ!
Oh, I guess all this trash was left over from the alleged random battles versus the Empire that supposedly took place during the end of Return of the Jedi.
You know, everyone everywhere everywhere started attacking the Empire.
Took them all down to once.
Yeah, right.
And I guess, even though 90 years ago, cartoon aliens could clone people, Luke still can't get a hand.
Hey, that's not funny.
I mean, one that's not robotic.
Or maybe that's the hand of this evil Sith guy touching R2-D2.
Look, he's got a robotic hand.
I think that's him!
Or is that Luke?
Because Luke's voiceovers playing.
I don't know.

YOUTUBE REVIEWER #2:
Oh, shit!
It's Luke talking!
Oh!

PLINKETT:
But wait, that's Darth Vader's head.
The last time we saw Darth Vader, his body was being burned at an Ewok party.
A party that was apparently too wild.
So George Lucas changed the music to light jazz.
Thanks, George Lucas!
You keep ruining everything!
George Lucas is so bad, he even ruined World War III for blacks.
Tuskegee Airmen, I'm so, so sorry.
What was I talking about?
Star Wars?
Oh, yeah.
Anyhoo, now they show us that someone apparently saved or graverobbed Vader's head.
Then there's this weird drawing of, like, a Sith Lord holding his head up.
What is this, Hamlet?
It's like poetry, it rhymes.

GEORGE LUCAS:
Again, it's like poetry, so that they rhyme.

PLINKETT:
And by the way, internet, no, this does not look like me.
I'm much more ugly.
So why is Vader's head there?
Did some asshole producer at Disney say we need to get Darth Vader back in this shit?
Are they gonna dig up those globubians and clone him from his burnt-out skull DNA?
My guess is yes.
That's exactly what's gonna happen, because it's stupid.
The resurrection of Darth Vader, though, would mean big box-office bucks in 2017 or 2019 or 2022 or 2026 or 2028.
Take that, Marvel!
Speaking of digging up corpses, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, and Mark Hamill are back.
Of course.
Now, in my opinion, the only one that should have come back was Luke.
Leia and Han's stories have already been told.
Just look at how useful they were in Jedi.

HAN SOLO:
When he comes back, I won't get in the way.

PLINKETT:
And at 40 years old, Leia still hadn't realized she had the fucking Force in her.
Mark hamill is now pretty old in real life, so him being an old Luke-Obi-Wan-type is perfect.
It brings things full circle.

GEORGE LUCAS:
Again, it's like poetry, so that they rhyme.

PLINKETT:
But Han Solo?
What is he gonna do?
Him and Chewie are the two characters from the original films that we do see in this new trailer.
Apparently, they find the Millennium Falcon after some time.
You know, like being apart from it, or, or losing it, or something.

HAN SOLO:
Chewie.
We're home.

PLINKETT:
Here's my problem.
It's only about a notion that Han and Chewie were "best friends" since Jedi, really.
In Episode IV: A New Hope, Han kept Julie around because he was large, intimidating, and violent.
Han regarded the Millennium Falcon more so as an expensive sports car than a "home".
It was a means to an end.

HAN SOLO:
Fast ship.
You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?

PLINKETT:
He boasted about how fast it was, and how he could smuggle illegal shit in it really well.
It was something he won in a bet, and he valued monetarily.

LANDO CALRISSIAN:
Your ship?

HAN SOLO:
Hey, remember.
You lost her to me fair and square.

PLINKETT:
Only in Jedi was he concerned with its "safety" as his best friend.

HAN SOLO:
Yeah, I just got a funny feeling, like I'm never gonna see her again.

PLINKETT:
Because that movie was made for five-year-olds.
If they go too wimpy and sappy with Solo, it'll suck.
Kind of like when they brought Leonard Nimoy back in Star Trek.
It sucked.

SPOCK:
You alone must take command of your ship.

KIRK:
How?
Over your dead body?

MCCOY:
He's dead, Jim.

PLINKETT:
It sucked just like it did in Jedi.
All Han Solo did was try and hotwire a door.
He didn't do anything good in Jedi, and it sucked!
Han Solo's character is a big asshole.
He should have died at the end of Empire.
Now he lives in a home -- no pun intended -- with his best friend, Chewie.
And Chewbacca has an age today.
Where's his gray hair?
I betcha Harrison Ford said, "Don't let that ape have any gray hair. It'll make me look old."
Hey, give it up, grandpa!
You're 80!
The first thing that happened on the set is you broke your hip.
Quit trying to be cool.
If they play Harrison Ford as trying to be the young Han Solo, it'll turn out just like you-know-what.

INDIANA JONES:
Part-time!

PLINKETT:
Number 4.
I Can't Wait for the New Star Wars Movie.
As a guy who said JJ Abrams would be the perfect person to direct modern Star Wars films, I still stand by that.
He makes amazing, fun, well-paced, exciting sci-fi action films, and is much more suited to doing Star Wars than he is to doing Star Trek.
I have a secret fear, though, that his films will be too good.
That kids today with their fast-paced ADD movies and explosions will look back at the original trilogy as outdated, quaint, or at the very worst, boring.
Much like people from the 70's and 80's probably looked back at old Flash Gordon serials.
It's nice JJ seems to be doing things correctly, though.
Using more practical sets, costumes, props, and utilizing CGI appropriately.
Unlike the way someone else did it.
As long as these films capture the magic, adventure, and wonder that the original films did, and aren't terrible or insulting, well, I'll be happy as a clam.
I do, however, worry about what I'll call Marvel-itis, which means every movie, some kind of new Darth whatever Sith Monster will emerge and want to seek revenge and blah blah blah revenge and then blow things up with the super weapon, and then everyone will learn to work as a team after three hours of nausea-inducing, loud, overdone action scenes that'll make you want to throw up.
JJ's two Star Trek movies, while fun and exciting, were all about revenge, explosions, action scenes, planet-destroying doomsday devices, and learning to work together as a team.
Or learning that we're all a family.
Oh...I really hope he doesn't go that schmaltzy route with Star Wars.
And I hope he doesn't contract Marvel-itis.
If he does, I got a doctor he can see...Dr. Kevorkian!
Because Star Wars movies are better than that.
They're about much more than pointless action sequences that don't progress the plot at all, learning to work together as a team, pandering to kids, or planet-destroying doomsday devices.
Oh, no.
I have to go now.
I don't even know who I am anymore!
Fuck me!
Ow-w-w!
