Jan 1, 2017
Mr. Plinkett Responds to Comments on his Video Commenting on Disney's Star Wars Rogue One!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9-vP7kJheI
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/815680841754017792
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154237317237634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/mr-plinkett-responds-to-comments-on-his-video-commenting-on-disneys-star-wars-rogue-one (404)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinkett-responds-to-comments-on-his-video-commenting-on-disneys-star-wars-rogue-one

PLINKETT:
Hello.
It's me, Mr. Plinkett.
I'm back.
I'm here to respond to your comments on my video commenting on Rogue One: A Disney Story.
A film by a committee think-tank designed to appeal to brain-dead fanboys, like you.
Why, you seem to have misunderstood me.
Maybe it was my slurred speech pattern, the result of multiple strokes.
Or maybe it's because your brains don't work so well because there's a Darth Vader toy stuck in it!
But, here goes.
Let's talk about one of the more commented on subjects in my video.
Context.
Here's what some of you said.
"This is just flawed thinking."
"1) You really want into the movie hoping it would react re-explain the force and Darth Vader?"
Now, to clarify.
I didn't necessarily want them to explain to me what the Force was, or who Darth Vader was.
Although that would have been nice because sometimes I forget things.
The point was, that without the context of the Star Wars universe, the movie would not have made it on its own merits.
It's a terribly boring story about a group of people who are miserable and joyless, trying to do a thing to get a thing because a group of people have a thing.
Again, if it were a movie on its own without sequels or prequels or a pre-established universe, it'd be the worst and most boringest movie ever.
Sure, it'd have some great effects and some cool action scenes, but what doesn't these days?
"Oh, yeah."
"And that context point is wonderful, Plinkett."
"Because I'm sure Empire would have been just as good without the other two movies in the original trilogy."
That was my best attempt at sarcasm.
A secondary point that people are making is that, yes, the Empire Strikes Back did not react re-explain everything that was explained in A New Hope, but it did recap some stuff.

YODA:
It's energy surrounds us.
And binds us.
Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter.

SOLO:
Well, there's a price on my head.
If I don't pay off Jabba the Hutt, I'm a dead man.

PLINKETT:
Most sequels do throw in a line or two that recap the previous film.

RICK JOHNSON:
Fred Krueger.
He's a town legend> He was a child killer, freed on a technicality.

PLINKETT:
Even though you can assume that most of your audience probably saw the previous film or films.
Although some may have not.
There are many examples of this.

ELLEN RIPLEY:
We set down there on company orders to get this thing, which destroyed my crew.

FORSTER:
Creatures?

BILLY PELTZER:
Yes, well at least they start out as these small furry animals.
And then what happens is, they eat after midnight.
They metamorphose.
They form these cocoons...

FORSTER:
Peltzer, you're having a psychotic episode.

RAYMOND STANTZ:
After all we did for this city.

WINSTON ZEDDEMORE:
Yeah.
You conjured up a 100-foot Marshmallow Man, blew the top three floors off an uptown high-rise, ended up getting sued by every state, county, and city agency in New York.

PRESIDENT:
Bring back the black box, and you'll receive a full pardon for every immoral act you have ever committed in the United States.

SNAKE PLISSKEN:
Sounds familiar.

PLINKETT:
Well, while technically speaking this was a prequel of sorts, it was called a "Star Wars Story".
Seems like it would be a standalone film.
Where's the story?
Next, let's talk about my scene comparison segment.
A lot of you shared this genius thought.
"So the characters are bad because they are not talking in the middle of a battle."
"Sorry it's not Naro-, Nara-, Naratu, Narotu..."
What the fuck is "Naruto"?
Is that some kind of spicy noodle?
Oh, no.
Because noodles give me gas.
The spicy Chinese noodles usually come out of my butthole like a Play-Doh factory, usually just seconds after I eat it.
Hmm, is that why they call it Panda Express?
Anyway.
Hey, Mini Einstein!
My comparison wasn't meant to be literal!
Like, only good characters have to literally talk during a fight scene.
The point was to show that understanding who character is, how they are feeling, how they react to things, what their motivation is, and so on can help enhance an action scene.
In Rogue One, these characters need to do a thing because the plot needs them to.
They got to get a thing to stop a thing.
They gotta stop the Death Star because we know that it's bad.
Who wrote this?
A fifth-grader?
They're also unstoppable action machines.
Like that lady from the Resident Evil films.
That makes them feel less human to me.
Why do the stormtroopers even wear armor if a blunt object will kill them?
But what great action!
Oh, my god!
So to clarify, characters don't literally need to talk during an action scene to make it good.
I could probably list 20 different ways that could have made this a fun action scene.
And, finally, point three.
"The Force Awakens had good characters?"
"Now that is funny."
"I didn't think Rogue One was amazing but the ending space battle made up for the rest of it."
Oh, my god!
I love space battles with X-Wings!
Fuck me.
"IMO Rouge One ticks all three boxes."
"I cared about the characters, I was invested in the story and it had allot of emotion at the end."
I made a point to mention that The Force Awakens got a checkmark for characters.
That's not to say that they are great characters.
Or that they could even pass my character test.
But I, at the very least, understood thm in the film's story from an emotional perspective.
Rey longed for her family to return, and got caught up in this adventure.
She discovered she's got some magical powers.
And then transformed into a girl on a quest at the end.
Finn was a bumbling guy who tried to do what's right.
He knew he didn't agree with the Empire's murderous philosophy, so he ran away.
But he was uncertain of where he stood.
He was a little cowardly.
And then discovered himself a little at the end.
And, lastly, Kylo Ren also struggled emotionally.
He wanted to be a badass and evil.
But he wasn't quite there yet.
He was an amateur!
Great stuff?
No.
Worked for the movie?
Yeah.
And I don't consider this guy to be a main character, because he sucked!
Characters in Rogue One needed to get a thing to stop a thing.
I actually found a character like Galen Erso to have the most potential.
A man who has a talent, which is exploited by the Empire.
Was he torn making the superweapon?
Did he do it because they were going to kill his family if he didn't?
Did he discover he kind of liked being evil?
You know, like Walter White?

WALTER WHITE:
I am the one who knocks!

PLINKETT:
Instead, we had to follow around his much less interesting daughter, who seemed to have no motivation, but then had some because the movie needed her to.
My point is, the original Star Wars trilogy worked on the concepts of adventure, emotion, and likeable characters.

VOICEOVER #1:
Chewbacca!

SAW GERRERA:
The world is coming undone.

VOICEOVER #1:
C-3PO and R2-D2!

VOICEOVER #2:
The continuing story of our band of heroes.
Luke Skywalker.
Princess Leia.
Han Solo.
C-3PO.
R2-D2.
And Chewbacca.

SAW GERRERA:
What will you do when they catch you?

PLINKETT:
And one last question for you.
Feel free to comment below.
In The Empire Strikes Back, AT-AT's were used in the Hoth battle.
Basically, vehicles needed for a full-frontal assault.
They needed to destroy the Rebels's shield generator on the ground so that they could start landing troops.

GENERAL VEERS:
The field is strong enough to deflect any bombardment.

PLINKETT:
It also served as a visual to remind us that even though the Death Star was gone, the Empire still imposing and powerful.
So it made sense on a story level...

GENERAL VEERS:
The shield will be down in moments.
You may start your landing.

PLINKETT:
And visually.
Kind of like this guy said in some other obscure video.

RICH:
And the AT-AT's weren't in Empire because,
"That's a badass concept!"
They were in there because,
"Well, we need a thing in the snow that's a threat, that's a threat."

MIKE:
Right.

PLINKETT:
In Rogue One, the use of AT-AT's was purely fan service.
Because when your own base has been infiltrated by Rebels, you don't use a scorched-earth, non-precision attack vehicle to attack them.
Jesus Christ!
You're gonna blow up your own shit!
Who's there military tactician?

Ray Charles?
Lastly, some final thoughts.
"You miss the point that the movie was made as a 'part' of a story, rather than a whole - it does not work as a stand-alone, but it was never meant to."
It wasn't meant to be a stand-alone film?
Really?
"I consider this movie to be more of a documentary about how the alliance stole the plans."
"It doesn't need to explore the characters, just document how the heist happened."
Wow.
How exciting!
"Unlikeable characters?"
"No story?"
Rogue One didn't allow me to get invested in the characters the way Force Awaken did, accept Chirrut and the droid."
"Quite frankly; but I didn't dislike the rest of them."
"They just didn't spend enough time developing the connection."
"I still connected with the heroes' plight."
"Just wasn't the greatest character development ever."
What?
Contradict yourself much?
"plinkett im begining to think your not a star wars fan, cos clearly you nothing about the saga!"
"if your a fan you will love them all, your not a fan."
And "your" not gonna graduate high school.
"I was gonna cry more seeing any of the characters die in Rogue one, then when Han soli dies I kinda laughed and didn't even shed any emotions."
I guess if you shed an emotion, you're not really having one.
"I think you're completely wrong idk brah."
"I can't believe he felt there were good parts to TFA, it was all awful."
"I'm glad that you finally realized that no one wants to watch an hour long video of a guy sitting around, and complaining about a movie he doesn't like."
"motherfuckers talk s much shit about about the characters but g crazy over Boba Fette when he was hardly in the og trilogy and had like 4 lines"
Oh.
Did I ever go crazy over Boba Fette?
I don't think I did.
"I hope they make more Rogue One video."
I just did!
That's all for now.
Feel free to comment below.
Plinkett out.
RIP, Carrie Fisher.
